this is a mysterious little girl 50
years ago she wrote a strange
string of words seal it into the steel
barrel and put it into the ground
50 years later a professor of
astrophysics gets this strange letter
he tries to crack a row of numbers after
several times
he realized that the date of the event
and the number of people killed were
accurately predicted
and there are also major tragedies many
years ago time and death are recorded
guided by these mysterious numbers the
professor managed to escape the plane
crash
and then there were dangers in the
subway derailment disaster
but whether he can escape from the final
end of the world
in 1959 students draw pictures of life
as they imagine it will be in 50 years
all of the children create visual works
except for lucinda embry before she can
write the final numbers the teacher
collects the her drawings
the next day the teacher finds lucinda
in a utility closet engraving the
remaining numbers into the door with her
fingernails
in 2009 the current class opens the time
capsule and distributes the drawings
inside among the students
lucinda's sheet is given to caleb kosler
the nine-year-old son of widowed mit
astrophysics professor john coastler
john recognizes the date and number of
victims of the september 11
2001 disaster in new york and realizes
that lucinda's numbers contain numbers
that perfectly predict the dates and
death tolls of major catastrophes over
the past 50 years however three of the
reported events have yet to happen and
one of the dates corresponds to the
following day he believes the tomorrow
somewhere on earth 81 people will die
but his colleague professor phil
beckmann doesn't think so
he thinks that this code and disaster
may be a coincidence
but john said that if phil cracked three
sets of code that haven't happened yet
they could save more people john's car
was stuck in the road when he went to
pick up his son
john accidentally saw familiar
coordinates on the dashboard
and looked at the mysterious code and
found that this is one of the number
that hasn't been cracked yet
something ominous may happen soon and
sure enough when walking up to the
traffic police and john's present at a
plane crash
there was a strong explosion after the
plane hit the earth
the scene was very tragic
jon comes back home to watch the news
and 81 people were killed in the fire
he recognizes that lucinda's sheet also
contains the geographical coordinates of
the events
at the same time jon found that a
mysterious man approached his son and
gave him a black stone
the man reappeared in the evening then
came to caleb's room and slowly extended
his finger to him
everything was like sinking in flames
john ran upstairs at once and saw that
man again
but then he disappeared
john inquired about lucinda embry who
wrote the mysterious code 50 years ago
and knew that she passed away
later he learned about the situation
from the teacher at that time
that girl must be under the guidance of
some kind of advanced creature to write
these codes
john finds lucinda embry's daughter
diana weyland and talk about the
mysterious codes
after hearing that she immediately left
but jon tells diana these codes can
predict disaster and there will be
another 170 deaths tomorrow
maybe they can stop it diana thinks that
jon is as mad as her mother
she then leaves in a hurry with her
daughter interpreting the following
numbers
john knows a disaster will happen in new
york a subway train derailment
he immediately goes to the subway and
has the police block it
but the police think he's dangerous john
ran to the subway again and the haunted
man caught his attention
or maybe this man is the one who sets
off the bomb they were chasing each
other on the side of the subway
but in the end john knew that the other
party was a disk seller
opposite a high-speed running subway
suddenly derailed
john who noticed something was wrong
told everyone to run back immediately
but he fails to prevent it
after the disaster 170 people died in
the subway
all this is predicted by mysterious
numbers to prevent the last event
john tracks down lucinda's daughter
diana and her granddaughter abby
after some initial disbelief diana goes
with john to lucinda's childhood home
they got off the car and left the two
children in the car the wall of the room
were full of reports of catastrophes
they find a copy of mathosmiriam's
engraving of ezekiel's chariot vision in
which a great son is represented
they also discover that the final two
digits of lucinda's message or not
numbers
but two reversed letter ease matching
the message left by lucinda under her
bed everyone
else diana tell jon that her mother had
always told her the date diana would die
during this search caleb and abby who
were left asleep in the car have an
encounter
with the beings who are the source of
the whispers
john all the way to the woods the
mysterious man didn't say anything
his mouth is full of light when john
opened his eyes
that man disappeared the next day
abby colors in the sun on the engraving
which gives john a revelation
he rushes to the mit observatory and
learns that a massive solar flare with
the potential to destroy all life will
hit the earth on the last date indicated
by the message
it will happen on october 19th
john came home and packed his luggage
they found the bomb shelter and maybe
they can avoid this catastrophe
john called his father and told him to
hide underground but his father has long
been indifferent to life and death
if the end of all things has drawn close
he will prefer to be with his family as
diana and abby prepare to take refuge
underground john goes to the school he
finds the door on which lucinda engraved
the final numbers
and identifies them as coordinates of a
place where he believes that salvation
from the solar flare can be found
disbelieving and hysterical diana loads
both eleven and abby into her
and these for the caves at a gas station
the whispering beings steal her car with
caleb and abby inside
diana pursues them at speed but is
killed in a traffic accident on the date
her mother predicted
[Music]
the beings take caleb and abby to loosen
his mobile home where john encounters
them shortly thereafter
the beings who act as extraterrestrial
angels are leading children to safety on
interstellar arcs
john is told he cannot go with them
because he never heard the whispering
so he convinces caleb to leave with abby
and two pet rabbits they found
and both are transported away by the
beings
this farewell they will never meet each
other again but their souls will always
be together
then the spacecraft slowly lifted off
leaving the earth
the following morning john drives
through a chaotic boston to his parents
house
where he reconciles with his estranged
father the solar flare then strikes
destroying the earth's atmosphere and
all life on the planet
meanwhile the art along with others
deposits caleb and abby on another world
resembling an earthly paradise and
departs
the two run through a field towards a
large white mysterious tree
the film is called knowing thank you
everyone for watching